this is bull was pheasant and he has got
spectacular wattles he's impressive
enough when he's going about his normal
business but when she is around he gets
very excited indeed
impressive though he is she is very
critical he's not good enough it seems
another pheasant timox tragopan his
costume jewelry is even more elaborate
and if you've got it why not flaunt it
the male Mon our pheasant impresses his
female with a greater expansive unbroken
iridescent than is possessed by any
other species
the argus pheasant has the largest of
all tail feathers and wing feathers that
are certainly a spectacular and what can
rival the Train of a peacock the costume
put on specially for courtship dances by
the African Widow bird may not be quite
as extravagant and unwieldy as those of
the pheasants but the widow bird
displays by flying with his it's a
hazardous business exposing yourself
like this even if you can fly you're
making yourself an easy target for a
hawk and there are many around on these
grasslands in Kenya evidently the
additional matings a male gets from
displaying in this dangerous fashion
make the risk worthwhile
you